Barbara J. Hawkins
Computer Engineer Specializing in Embedded Systems
barbara.hawkins@gmail.com
(513) 952-5653
Summary of Qualifications
Detail-oriented computer engineer with 5+ years of expertise working with embedded systems, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and automation technologies. Increased multiply-accumulate performance on proprietary DSP algorithms by 5% through system and chip analysis revamp. Seeking to leverage first-hand experience with driverless car technology and integrated systems to become the lead computer engineer at Alset Automotive Technologies.
Work Experience
Embedded Systems Computer Engineer
December 2016–July 2019
Artificial Mobility Systems & Design, Cincinnati, OH
Key Qualifications & Responsibilities
Oversaw design, development, and upgrades to system-on-chip devices and Internet-of-Things (IoT) electronics.
Developed testing methods of prototypes to be used in driverless vehicles, AI assistants, and other commercial endeavors.
Supervised attributes of microprocessor and microcontroller design to ensure performance, accuracy, and cost-effectiveness.
Key Achievements
Located 5 incompatibility issues overlooked by QA team before products hit the market.
Increased multiply-accumulate performance on proprietary DSP algorithms by 5% through analysis overhaul.
AI / ML Computer Engineer
June 2014–November 2016
IoT Research Associates of Ohio, Cincinnati, OH
Key Qualifications & Responsibilities
Developed artificial intelligence and machine learning products, software, and other solutions for commercial, industrial, and educational purposes.
Tweaked deep-learning systems and associated algorithms for better natural language processing and delivery.
Designed and conducted research experiments to test theories for improved performance.
Education
Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering Technology
Old Dominion University, Norfolk, VA
Graduation: 2014
Relevant Coursework: Computer Engineering Fundamentals, Wireless Communications & Networking, Computational Algorithms, Natural Language Processing, Internet-of-Things Devices, Data Protection & Security, Software and Hardware Engineering.
Key Skills
Artificial Intelligence (AI) & Machine Learning (ML)
Deep Learning for Java (DL4J) toolkit
Computational Research & Development
Classification Algorithms
Edge Computing
Teamwork
Certifications
Certified Master of Electrical and Computer Engineering (CSU)
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)
Memberships
Association for Computing Machinery (ACM)
Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI)
Association for Women in Computing (AWC)
Languages
Greek: Basic Conversational Proficiency
